deps: bls: downgrade bls library (#12468)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# Lotus changelog

# 1.28.3 / 2024-09-16

> This patch fixes the invalid bls signature bug that is causing many of the lotus node to fail in syncing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch fixes the invalid bls signature bug that is causing many lotus nodes to fail in syncing (see [#12467](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/12467)).
```

> This patch fixes the invalid bls signature bug that is causing many of the lotus node to fail in syncing.
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This patch fixes the invalid bls signature bug that is causing many of the lotus node to fail in syncing. Fixes [filecoin-project/lotus#12467](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12467).

```
